* Preact with SSR

Buchta now has `Preact` plugin with SSR support!

SSR Support is still experimental.

* 2-Way middleware

you can apply middlware in 2 ways<br>
1. add it to *.server.ts<br>
2. create middleware.ts file<br>

function names - `before` and `after`

* BuchtaSubrouter

Simplify adding routes using subrouter

* Code Refactor

Source code should be easier to read even without comments

* Directories

`static`, directory that holds all static content, such as images, videos, etc <br>
`middleware`, directory that holds all middleware for routes

* Live reload is here!

Just update one of files in `public` directory and your page should be reloaded automatically

* Svelte plugins gets SSR

SSR Support is still experimental.

* Buchta CLI now gets `build`

Are you done with your app? Export it and use it in for example in gh pages! <br>
Be aware that this is experimental feature and not everything may work and be exported!

* Meet `Buchticka` a stripped down version of `Buchta`, used in exported apps

* `src` directory cleanup

* Svelte pages now get `buchtaRoute` function

Function returns object containing `params` and `query`

* Minifier using `Uglify.js`

* Svelte and Preact `await import` and `require` fixed

* Say hello to `svect` => `Svelte` + `Preact`

* Added few extra utils

* Added error page

* Comminuty update, preparing for larger community and completing community standards

* Fixed preact didn't want to SSR

* `.js` and `.ts` files now gets coppied for SSR

* `swagger` plugin left the room

* Plugins that need config now have interfaces

* Plugins can extend CLI

* fixed tsconfig and bugs

* Added `BuchtaQuestionType` and `BuchtaProjectOption` for CLI plugins

* SSR imports now support `/` paths

* Svelte plugin now works with the new CLI

* Svelte plugin now supports the new CLI

* New CLI now supports all add options

* Buchta `0.5 release candidate 1` is here! Bug hunting time!

* Buchta builder now exports your API and also middleware

* Minifier was fixed!

* Stuff generated by builder should now work on github pages, the imports are being overwritten so they have exact path

* Composables, just like in nuxt, similar to global variables but their code runs on the server first

You can remove few useless `fetch` calls

* Fixed bugs